Luke's Worklog README
=====================

Luke's Worklog is a simple work tracking tool. Type in something into the text box and it will be tagged with current time, and saved into a dated file. The application allows you to easily browse past entries via built-in mini calendar.

Official homepage: <a href="http://maciak.org/worklog">http://maciak.org/worklog/</a>

Requirements
------------

Luke's Worklog was written in C# and it requires .NET Framework running on a windows platform. It may be possible to compile it under Mono but this was not tested.

Installation
------------

The finalized version of this application uses Microsoft ClickOnce installation making it easy to deploy it on any Windows machine.

1. Grab <a href="http://maciak.org/tools/worklog/setup.exe">setup.exe</a> from the official home page
2. Confirm installation
3. ???
4. Profit

You should be able to find the installation files in the following folder:

        WorkLog\\bin\Release

If you do not want to instal the application, simply run the exe file from the Debug folder:

        WorkLog\\bin\Debug


Modifying Code
--------------

The project was created using Microsoft Visual C# 2008 Express, but you should be able to compile it under any version of Visual studio, or manually using a C# compiler.

The project files generated by Visual Studio were included in the repository for your convenience.

Worklog Folder
--------------

The folder where this tool stores the log files defaults to directory named *Worklogs* which is automatically created under:

        Environment.SpecialFolder.MyDocuments

You can change it using the Settings menu. The new folder path will be saved in the application settings.

Log File Naming Convention
--------------------------

This tool creates a log file for every day of the year, during which you add a log entry. Days without entries will be skipped.

For convenience, files are named using ISO date standard:

         YYYY-MM-DD

This allows you to easily sort them using your file browser of choice. Alphabetic sort (which most file browsers apply when sorting by name) will result in proper chronological order.

All log files are saved as plain text, and can be easily modified using any text editor.

License
-------

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
 
Copyright © 2011 Lukasz Grzegorz Maciak (maciak.org)
